Phoenix, the Second Princess is because
Didn't prepare my adult plus for me.
Gift for women
So annoyed and lost
Yes, Your Majesty.
This is a big day for His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
I am an elder
How can you not prepare a gift for him?
I'm so ashamed!
As long as you two can get along well
Crown Princess Su cares so much about you
You should be filial to him
Don't worry.
The son-in-law must be filial to the princess
Stay away from me!
You've killed too many civil servants
Square charts won't work well for you
When you get used to it
Fang Xiaotu's outspoken temper even dares to scold the emperor
I will definitely scold you for not knowing how to read to nourish your heart
He will also test you in public
Let you make a move
I am a 985 college student
Remember how many famous stories have been passed down through the ages
Family test me
Then you really hit the muzzle of the gun?
Then thank the Fourth Princess
Tell you how
You have been ignorant since you were a child
I don't read many books
Can't get past the direction no matter what
I support your emperor and Baiguan to watch the appearance face to face
You can't sit in the crown prince's seat
Then don't worry about Princess Su
Your Highness is full of economy
A mere petty apprentice is naturally not a problem
You are stubborn now
I'll see how you cry tomorrow
Fang Xiaotu is a great saint
His weight in the eyes of readers all over the world
pivotal
He doesn't approve of you.
You're doomed.
Hey, I haven't deciphered it yet.